https://codepen.io/adrianurias/pen/rNWoZrd


    1. What is Semantic HTML?
	Semantic HTML is html that introduces meaning to the webpage.
    2. What is HTML used for?
	HTML is used to create web pages and display text, arrange graphics, link different pages within and outside a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	Attributes dictate certain aspects of an element.  They are made up of a name and value pair.
	We put an attribute within the opening tag.  
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The H1 tag is used for the title of a page or post.  You should only use it once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	<input> <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<meta charset="utf-8"> <title>
    7. What is an id? 
	Id is an attribute used to specify a unique id for an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
	Can be applied to any HTML element, but you cannot have more than 1 id per element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
	id must only be used by one HTML element per page. 
    10. What is a class?
	Class specifies one or more class names for an element. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	Class can be applied to any HTML element. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	 As many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	By setting the target attribute to _blank.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	Alt displays an alternate text if an image cannot be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	<Section> is semantic, while <div> is non-semantic.
    17. What is CSS used for?
	CSS is the language used to style a webpage. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	id's are unique, while classes are not.  Each element can only have 1 id, while you can use classes on multiple elements. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	By using .{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	<p class="human"></p> in HTML
	.human {
		color: red;
	}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	div > p is an example of parent child selector.  This is useful is CSS for specificity.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div .sidebar a{
	}
		
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A pseudo selector is a conditional selector.  Ex. A:hover{}
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	You would use line-height.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	You would use letter-spacing.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	You would use text-transform: capitalize; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div{
		border: 1px dotted black;
	}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
	Universal selector *{} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*Comments*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	You use pwd. 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	You use ls.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	You use rm.  You need to be careful because there is no prompt prior to that asks "are you sure."
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	You should use version control while working on projects so that if mistakes are made, you can go back to a previous version of code to see what 		      happened and revert back.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	You should commit often while working on a project so that it's easier to find where a mistake was made.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	git push origin -u firstName-lastName 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	Fork the repo, then Click on "Code" and copy the forked URL
	Then you will Clone in Terminal using git clone url (make sure you cd into correct repo file)
	Branch in terminal using git checkout -b 'First name-Last name'
	Make changes and add files 
	Commit changes in Terminal using git add .
	Confirm Branch is ready using git status
	Then use git commit -m 'specific message'
	Confirm using git status
	Push your Git commits to Github using git push -u first name-last name
	Pull to the main branch in Gitbub Pull Request and Merge Pull Request
	Select your main branch, not Lambda's
	You can compare branches once this is done.
 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	The main difference is the block elements take up the full width available while the inline elements take the required width to display the contents of the elements.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
	position: absolute; tells the browser that whatever is going to be positioned should be removed from the normal flow of the document and instead placed in an exact location on the page. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
	The box model is a box that wraps around all html elements.  



